OSDOCS-15613: Alerted users to the removal of a cluster creation flag (#96975)
openshift/openshift-docs: rosa_release_notes/rosa-release-notes.adoc

//
// This release note should remain hidden until the renaming project is completed to avoid confusion
//
[id="rosa-q3-2025_{context}"]
=== Q3 2025

ifdef::openshift-rosa[]

> * Deprecated `--private-link` flags for {product-title} clusters* With the completion of architectural changes with ROSA CLI 1.2.55, networking has been made more flexible with HCP clusters. This replaces the `--private-link` flag when creating an HCP cluster with the `--private` and `--default-ingress-private` flags. Now, users can choose to have a combination of a public or private API with a private or public ingress. Another change was that the default ingress listening method available for day 1 operations instead of the default as a day 2 operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deprecated `--private-link` flags for {product-title} clusters* Architectural changes to the ROSA CLI 1.2.55 make networking more flexible for HCP clusters. The `--private-link` flag previously used when creating an HCP cluster is now deprecated in favor of the `--private` and `--default-ingress-private` flags. Now, users can choose to have a combination of a public or private API with a public or private ingress. For more information, see...(put whatever xref or link goes here to where these flags are in our docs for cluster creation).
```
A few other notes:
* I'm not sure we can use "HCP cluster". Don't we have to use ROSA with HCP or something? The naming rules change daily.
* I think that  this line "Another change was that the default ingress listening method available for day 1 operations instead of the default as a day 2 operation" warrants a separate release note because it doesn't seem to have anything to do with deprecation of flags.
